URGENT — FIX THE VERCEL DEPLOYMENT FAILURE ONLY.

Vercel deployment is currently failing during dependency installation with:

ERR_PNPM_OUTDATED_LOCKFILE

The exact error says:

Cannot install with "frozen-lockfile" because pnpm-lock.yaml is not up to date with <ROOT>/artifacts/ayush-medico/package.json

Failure reason:

specifiers in the lockfile don't match specifiers in package.json:

* 1 dependencies were added: wouter@^3.3.5

IMPORTANT:

DO NOT change the Vercel Root Directory.

The Vercel Root Directory must remain:

artifacts/ayush-medico

DO NOT move the application.
DO NOT change the workspace structure.
DO NOT remove the existing sync/monorepo architecture.
DO NOT modify Vercel settings just to bypass this error.
DO NOT use --no-frozen-lockfile as the Vercel production workaround.

Instead, fix the repository itself.

TASK:

1. Inspect:
   artifacts/ayush-medico/package.json
   pnpm-lock.yaml
   workspace configuration files

2. Determine why wouter@^3.3.5 was added to package.json without the corresponding lockfile update.

3. If wouter is actually required by the current application:
   - Keep wouter in package.json.
   - Update/regenerate pnpm-lock.yaml correctly so it contains the exact dependency specification.
   - Preserve all existing workspace dependencies.

4. If wouter is NOT actually used by the application:
   - Remove the unnecessary dependency from package.json instead.
   - Update pnpm-lock.yaml accordingly.

Do NOT blindly install or remove dependencies without checking the source code first.

5. Run the appropriate pnpm install/update command from the repository root to synchronize the lockfile.

6. Verify that:
   package.json
   and
   pnpm-lock.yaml
   are synchronized.

7. Run the production build using the SAME build command/configuration used by the project.

8. Run TypeScript checks if available.

9. Make sure the fix works with Vercel's default frozen-lockfile installation.

10. Commit/update the corrected pnpm-lock.yaml and any necessary package.json change in the repository.

IMPORTANT:
Do NOT fix this by changing Vercel's install command to:
pnpm install --no-frozen-lockfile

The repository lockfile itself must be correct so a normal Vercel deployment succeeds.

Also do NOT change:
- Vercel Root Directory
- Output Directory
- Build architecture
- workspace structure

At the end report:

- Whether wouter is actually used
- What changed in package.json
- What changed in pnpm-lock.yaml
- Production build result
- TypeScript result
- Whether the repository is now ready for Vercel deployment

STOP after fixing this deployment issue.